oh well you know all this is veggies
come on I'm gonna say if you still um
yep stay tuned so we're gonna be they
just sing today in that right don't
really babysitting yep and what are you
doing
back to my girlfriend you gotta go
through yeah no no you get it in you
well thanks yeah alright so uh yeah a
little bit thing sitting today all right
yeah wouldn't be big sir yeah as you
know we're getting paid to do this so uh
I think we should we play I think the
kids mentioned they wanted to play hide
your seat can we do that
you can't yeah she owned it kill this
oak now okay alright so uh this episode
already come on you gonna watch us play
hide and go seek
and you wish I had never find me in here
yep
this is fun I like today yeah still
waiting still waiting hmm
all right ready
games over I found me here
regi
ready ready again linear guys
oh man I am is a beep ah then it's
lacked supply help me guys - come on I'm
in you give me a lot
oh man thank you very well I'd be
babysitting man Ryan Ryan tell you all
right listen I need you to go get help
yeah well I'm gonna murder that little
turd come on Reggie where are you now
I'm in the suitcase come on
I hear you are you in the suitcase
and then you know what I don't know no I
do not like your little build by bad I
mean I know he was gonna lock you in
your suitcase he'd suffocate then you
got no excuses then in the end though
you should be a politician yeah I think
about I can't follow a little brother
oh yeah that's okay of him what do you
mean ready not funny
yeah